all right anybody what's going on it's
your boy c4 here and today we have
another big information filled NC
double-a football 14 video from ultimate
team to the rosters but first we need to
address yellowfin the room beastmode TV
has reached 250 subscribers we're just
over that right now that is a huge
milestone for us we've pride our
channel on not asked kissing or getting
any help from larger youtubers who you
know oh we don't like hey hey if you
like my video to help us get a couple
more subs and like that everything
that we've done we earned
ourselves we've inclined you know tooth
and nail to try to gain a very small
piece of the huge YouTube gaming market
and slowly but surely we're getting
there our first initial goal will be to
get 500 subscribers it's been that since
the beginning and we're halfway there
when we were well you know ahead of our
goal we thought we'd be here a year in
and we're not even just over seven
months so that being said thank you the
subscribers as and also you know tell
your friends when our channel if you
guys like a content you know you're
friends with YouTube channels all that
good would like Eric content you
know please spread the word around
word-of-mouth marketing is one of the
strongest ways to really sell a product
and if you guys truly liked what you see
here on our channels it really helps us
out a lot so again thank you guys and I
hope that you know the giveaways in the
future not is just a little way for
me to say thank you Robin steel to say
thank you for supporting us I continue
to support us for them you know years to
come so now that i'm done boring you
with that we're gonna jump into
what you're here for the football talk
and EA Sports has announced the new
Ultimate Team cards that will be
released in two packs this week and I'm
here just to quickly show you what they
will look like I've got my hands on
pictures of them and we'll jump right in
the first one will be the wob receiver
Fred Gibson 94 overall rate at carrot
from Georgia uh it's this year he had
wherever this carrot was base eight
hundred yards and seven touchdowns not
too spectacular you can definitely tell
he is pulling you know pulling out some
straws here to get any player they know
possible to get in this game cuz i've
never heard of this guy so
but here we gettin some bigger players
the second play that they are releasing
is the running back Ricky Williams 96
overall from Texas he had one of the
most dominant running back seasons of
all time probably second to the great
Barry Sanders season with Oklahoma State
but this season they give the carrot for
he had 2300 rushing yards and 29
touchdowns known as the Texas tornado he
said 20 NCAA records during his time and
you already know coming into the draft
in the NFL you if you don't know this
new orleans saints traded all seven
other pics to move up in the first round
to grab ricky williams pretty insane
stuff by head coach Mike Ditka but Ricky
Williams bomb cared third cry releases
left outside linebacker Peter ball where
95 overall from Florida State that
season he had 19 sacks and 20 tackles
for losses and he went in to become a
great Ravens player and have for a
future defensive player of the year so
this is a very strong card here moving
into more known players a free safety
sean taylor rest in peace 95 overall
rate of careful miami i was actually
using my wish list of players that I
hope got into this game he's a
beast carrot I can only imagine his
stats are gonna be off the chain
he had 10 interceptions that his final
year in the you insane free safety
probably be one of the best in the game
uh we also have Elvis Dumervil right in
95 overall from Louisville that year he
had six sacks in one game which is still
the NCAA record very beats player one of
the best right ends for his non-elite
card so as soon as the lead character
it's gonna be even better strong safety
Michael Huff naughty for overall from
Texas not sure why they gave him this
care you didn't really have that great
of a year at all college career in Texas
yet one year he had two interceptions
returns for touchdowns that's all I can
really pick out here he's a solid
tackler like 90 tackles the season uh
but without a without a doubt the best
cat release my favorite player of all
time in my opinion the greatest football
player of all time left in the minister
of defense Reggie White 97 overall from
Tennessee I think he's the best player
of all time not gonna get into a big
heated discussion that's another video
for another time and few guys you know
kind of give me some feedback in the
comments I might actually make you know
a nice little rebuttal video why I think
Reggie White is the greatest football
player of at the
time not just the greatest Eagle looking
at his jersey right now hanging up on my
wall I will this I will actually
pay the bank to get this reggie white
card and i actually am kind of pushing
to do my big pack opening video this
week while this carrots impacts because
i really really want this care I thought
I want the Warren Sapp carry a whole lot
but riding a Warren Sapp in Reggie White
on my D line holy watch it I'm
gonna be gonna up a rape train online
but yeah there you go there the new
Ultimate Team cars I think they're
pretty sweet I mean Sean Taylor Ricky
Williams and Reggie what for sure
scandals the you know the big notables I
suppose the last week where there's you
know Warren Sapp edgerrin james and
michael irvin i think they did like a
whole commentator anyone those a you
know a speaker on ESPN had a
featured card this week I think Reggie
White and Sean Taylor alone and ricky
williams alone actually are better than
the courage from last week so you know
to each his own you guys might disagree
but these characters sick and I just you
know really let you think and assume
what's only the future for these
ultimate team carrots there's gonna keep
bringing up more more legends so we will
wait and see finally the last thing I
wanted to touch on in this video is the
360 roster releases for the you know
where you actually get the actual player
names over at WB operation sports com
there in no way affiliated with my
channel or paying for me to mention them
through this unreal sports forum that I
said I get a lot of my NCAA news from
their very very professional and
up-to-date they always give out the best
rosters they always have the most
accurate and you know everything down to
a tee for how the coaches smelt
that morning they have that
accurate as well but only the ps3
rosters have been completed so right now
if you're watching this video and you're
on the ps3 head over to operation sports
just look up in the NCAA forum and right
there you'll be able to download through
roster share your completed ps3 rosters
those of us like myself on the 360 or
you got the way a little bit longer
usually I believe they said they've come
up with a lot of areas with
season-ticket out for them a lot
and the game freezing and the Buddy that
usually does it's been sick you know you
can't really hyper them this is a
ton of sleepless nights for
them to curry
these rosters for us to use so I mean
you just gonna you know play some
ultimate team let the time pass do what
I'm doing you can also play the road to
glory motor I think that while they
slowly but surely create these rosters
for the xbox 360 and then best believe
that when these rosters drop I'll make a
quick little video for you guys just
another reminder because I know a lot of
you guys like myself are just really
chomping at the bit here to play dynasty
but that's it people you like this video
please smash the like button subscribe
all that good peace